Welcome to functional safety.
In this module, you'll learn how to analyze and design automotive systems to reduce risk.
Three functional safety experts from Elektrobit,
Dheeraj, Stephanie, and Benjamin will be leading the module.
Within the module, you'll use the framework provided by ISO 26262,
the international standard on functional safety.
Functional safety is an important part of designing autonomous vehicles and it's often
a difficult skill set to acquire because it is so specific to the automotive industry.
We're excited for you to learn these skills and we hope that, eventually,
you'll have the opportunity to apply them in designing
safe, functional, self-driving cars.
Hi, my name is Stephanie Hollyer.
I'm a validation and verification manager for Elekrobit's U. S. operations.
My job is to ensure all of
our internal products get properly tested before going into production.
And I'm Benjamin Brentrop.
I'm a functional safety manager at Elektrobit in Germany.
My background is in automotive system software development.
For the past six years,
I've worked in the area of functional safety for instrument clusters,
transmission control, avick controls and body control units.
Hi my name is Deeraj Sharma.
I'm a senior software engineer at Elektrobit.
Part of my responsibilities is to identify
mechanisms needed to satisfy software safety requirements.
Elektrobit supplies software to automotive manufacturers and suppliers around the world.
Our customers expect our products to be safe.
So, as a company, we have a methodical approach to designing,
building, and testing our systems and products.
We are looking forward to teaching you
functional safety techniques that help ensure automotive